#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via fsspec
albumentations==0.5.2
    # via fastai
anyio==2.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.9.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.4
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
bravado-core==5.17.0
    # via bravado
bravado==11.0.3
    # via neptune-client
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via google-auth
captum==0.3.1
    # via fastai
catalogue==1.0.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
catalyst==21.3.2
    # via fastai
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via argon2-cffi
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   neptune-client
    #   pip-tools
    #   sacremoses
    #   wandb
configparser==5.0.2
    # via wandb
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.5
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
fastai[dev]==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastcore==1.3.19
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastrelease
    #   ghapi
    #   nbdev
fastprogress==1.0.0
    # via fastai
fastrelease==0.1.11
    # via nbdev
filelock==3.0.12
    # via transformers
flask==1.1.2
    # via fastai
fsspec[http]==0.8.7
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   neptune-client
    #   pytorch-lightning
ghapi==0.1.16
    # via
    #   fastrelease
    #   nbdev
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.14
    # via
    #   neptune-client
    #   wandb
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.28.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
grpcio==1.36.1
    # via tensorboard
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via albumentations
ipykernel==5.5.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbdev
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipython==7.22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   jupyter
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.5
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via jsonschema
jsonref==0.2
    # via bravado-core
jsonschema[format]==3.2.0
    # via
    #   bravado-core
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   swagger-spec-validator
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbdev
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-packaging==0.7.12
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via nbdev
jupyterlab-server==2.4.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
jupyterlab==3.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.5.0
    # via fastai
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.1
    # via
    #   captum
    #   fastai
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.5
    # via bravado
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.5
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclassic==0.2.6
    # via jupyterlab
nbconvert==5.6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbdev
    #   notebook
nbdev==1.1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastai
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdev
    #   notebook
neptune-client==0.9.1
    # via fastai
networkx==2.5.1
    # via scikit-image
ninja==1.10.0.post2
    # via fastai
notebook==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.20.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   blis
    #   captum
    #   catalyst
    #   fastprogress
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   kornia
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   neptune-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencv-python-headless==4.5.1.48
    # via albumentations
opencv-python==4.5.1.48
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   imgaug
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   fastai
    #   fastcore
    #   fastrelease
    #   ghapi
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbdev
    #   neptune-client
    #   transformers
pandas==1.2.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   neptune-client
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   neptune-client
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
plac==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
preshed==3.0.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via wandb
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.15.7
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
psutil==5.8.0
    # via wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyarrow==3.0.0
    # via fastai
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydicom==2.1.2
    # via fastai
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via neptune-client
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   wandb
pytorch-ignite==0.4.4
    # via fastai
pytorch-lightning==1.2.6
    # via fastai
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   bravado-core
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   catalyst
    #   fastai
    #   fastrelease
    #   nbdev
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   swagger-spec-validator
    #   wandb
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.0.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
regex==2021.4.4
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   neptune-client
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   fastai
    #   fsspec
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   neptune-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via jsonschema
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.44
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   fastai
    #   imgaug
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via fastai
scipy==1.6.2
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   fastai
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.95
    # via fastai
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via wandb
shapely==1.7.1
    # via imgaug
shortuuid==1.0.1
    # via wandb
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   bravado
    #   bravado-core
    #   cycler
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   imgaug
    #   jsonschema
    #   neptune-client
    #   promise
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
    #   swagger-spec-validator
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
    #   websocket-client
smmap==4.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
spacy==2.3.5
    # via fastai
srsly==1.0.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via jsonschema
subprocess32==3.5.4
    # via wandb
swagger-spec-validator==2.7.3
    # via bravado-core
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.4.1
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   pytorch-lightning
tensorboardx==2.2
    # via catalyst
terminado==0.9.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
thinc==7.4.5
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.3.31
    # via scikit-image
togglpy==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.10.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via pep517
torch==1.7.1
    # via
    #   captum
    #   catalyst
    #   fastai
    #   kornia
    #   pytorch-ignite
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==0.2.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.8.2
    # via fastai
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.59.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.4.2
    # via fastai
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   bravado
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   neptune-client
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.10.24
    # via fastai
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==0.58.0
    # via neptune-client
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
